[crowd cheering]
(Band member) Hello.
[crowd sounds]
[whistle]
This is really tremendous to see the
songwriters in this room with us
So thanks for joining us this evening.
[crowd cheers]
It’s a privilege
to be in front of you.
We are called Explosions in the Sky
and we come from Texas.
[crowd cheers]
[bees buzzing]
[music begins; sparse
electric guitar notes]
[bees buzz]
(Male voice) mouse click.
[steady organ note]
tab
five, seven, nine
[guitar notes]
click
mouse click
Backspace 10.
[steady organ note,
guitar notes]
[low bass note, echoing]
[indisinct, distant screaming]
[music plays, indistinct
distant screaming]
[propeller sound in the distance]
[sparse guitar notes]
[indistinct voice]
[organ notes]
[steady low thrumming bass notes]
[guitar notes]
[brakes screeching]
[bass guitar and electric guitar notes]
[low thrumming bass note]
[bird chirping]
[wings flutter]
[organ notes]
(male speaker) I don’t think I’ve ever
had closure with Pine Point.
I always. I always feel
sad when I, like you said,
when I tell somebody I grew up in Pine
Point and they ask me when I've been back.
I go, Oh, it’s not there anymore.
And I do feel a sense of,
[guitar notes increase]
I don’t know what it is. For me it’s
weird to say that I don’t have
[snow shovel scraping]
[organ notes]
[guitar notes]
[guitar notes in steady pattern]
[bass guitar note]
[shovel scraping]
[guitar notes in steady pattern]
[bass guitar note]
[organ sounds]
[bass drum thumps twice]
[guitar notes]
[bass drum]
[bass drum continues to thump]
[guitar notes build in steady pattern]
[an engine idling]
[quiet organ notes]
[engine sounds]
[indistinct talking]
[soft steady tapping on high-hat cymbal]
[engine sounds]
[organ notes]
[steady cymbal tapping]
(Female voice) Good morning,
Laurie, how are you?
(Laurie) Good morning, I’m fine thanks.
(Female voice) Good...
(Laurie) It’s a very busy Thursday,
and we’d like to thank
all of the people of Pine Point.
[crowd cheering from music performance]
[small child babbling]
(Laurie) I only wish we
could stay 'til the end.
(Female voice) Yes. How long have you
been here in Pine Point, Laurie?
(Laurie) I came here on
Labor Day weekend, 1970.
(Female voice) For heaven’s sakes.
That’s a long time.
[music plays; drums, guitars, bass guitar]
(Laurie) Almost sixteen years.
(female voice) Yeah.
I know I’ve been very pleased
with all your products and service. So I
personally would want to thank you.
(Laurie) Thank you very much
we appreciate that.
(Female voice) Okay, lots of luck.
(Laurie) Okay thanks.
[engine sounds]
[music plays; guitars and drums]
[quiet organ notes in background]
[guitar notes in rising patterns]
[crowd sounds]
[guitars and drums]
[engine idling]
[steady organ notes]
[guitar notes gaining intensity]
[multiple guitars in rising patterns]
[demolition sounds]
[organ notes in background]
[guitars in rising patterns
gaining intensity]
[demolition]
[steady drums and bass guitar]
[rapid guitar notes]
[demolition sounds]
[layered guitars]
[distant jet engines]
[rapid guitars and drums]
[jets]
[guitars]
[demolition]
[layered guitars building intensity]
[jets]
[guitars and drums building intensity]
[demolition]
[musical performance building]
[crowd cheering]
[guitars in rising patterns
gaining intensity]
[bass guitar and drums]
[demolition]
[jets]
[rapid bass guitar and drums]
[multiple guitars gaining intensity]
[jets]
[crashing cymbals]
[crowd sounds]
[rapid guitars]
[crashing cymbals]
[quiet organ notes in background]
[multiple guitars building intensity]
[demoliton]
[rapid guitars]
[rapid bass drum]
[cymbals]
[musical performance crescendoes]
[crowd cheering]
[quiet organ notes in background]
(Female voice) Excuse me doctor.
You said you’ve been here since,
you started coming here since when?
[sparse guitar notes]
(Doctor) 1964.
(Female voice) What about,
we’ve got a couple of ladies here,
a receptionist and a nurse.
How about them. What will they be doing?
[slow, sparse guitar]
Are they gonna be here same as you?
(Doctor) Oh, they’re gonna be
here for a long time.
[bass note echoes]
(Second female voice) I guess I’ll
probably be here 'til the summer sometime.
(Female voice)
'Til the summer, eh?
[Echoing bass note fades out]
[crowd sounds]
(Female voice) You’re gonna, you’re
gonna be one of the ones that,
ah, puts the lights out?
[laughter] Me too.
[organ notes]
I talked to Lynn. She’s gonna be here too,
so there’ll be three of us.
[organ notes]
Well it’s been very nice for you to give
me the time, and, uh, thank you again.